Our divisions function is all done.
But there was one last very quick thing I want to do with it.
Our index.
J ust file is already getting a pretty good amount of code inside of it.
Right now we're at just 29 the lines of code and we've barely really begun to start our application.
So I think that we could be well served to move this D bounce function out into a separate file inside
my root project directory.
I'm gonna make a new file called utilize dot J Yes.
The idea behind this file is that I'm going to place any utility functions that I create inside of here.
So this is just so I can better organize the code inside of my project.
I'm going to go find the DB function.
I'm going to cut it.
Move it over to tells dot J.S. and paste it then need to make sure that I include the utilize dot J
as file inside my HDMI document.
So I gonna open up the HDMI document.
I'm going to go down to the very bottom the file I'll find the existing script tag for index dot J.S.
not going to copy it and paste it right underneath itself I'll then find the first script tag and change
the source to utilize dot J.S..
So now whenever we load up this e-mail document I'm going to first load up and execute all the code
inside of utilized HHS J.S. that will define the DB bounce function will then load up and execute index
dot J.S. which has a reference to DB outs.
So we need to make sure that we define utilize first or include that file first so that we can define
the DB bounce function before we run it inside of index dot J.S..
Let's save all these files and make sure all three are saved.
I'll then go back to which my browser do a quick refresh I'll search for Avengers again and I'm just
gonna make sure that I still see my data getting patched and yep I definitely do.
Okay.
Quick little change.
All good to go.
Let's take another quick pause and continue with our app in the next video.